Fix typos (#10)
DeFiCh/pinkpaper: price-oracle/README.md

## Mechanics

> While truthfulness of the data cannot be ascertained on the blockchain alone, the goals of the design should focus on building a _robust_ oracle system that should continue to function fine with a few minority oracle outages.

Author: ```suggestion
While truthfulness of the data cannot be ascertained on the blockchain alone, the goals of the design should focus on building a _robust_ oracle system that should continue to function correctly with a few minor oracle outages.
```
